Updated Changelog and version bump to 1.12.0 (#1500)
GregTechCE/GregTech: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

### 1.12.0
* Highlight: TOP now displays fuel information (#1484) - Adrian Brock
  * Blocks consuming fuel now has new information provided in TOP
  * Specifically what fuel is used and how long will last
* Highlight: Ore vein generation page in JEI (#1386) - ALongStringOfNumbers
  * Pressing U on GTCE Ore will show in which veins it can be found
  * Additional information like dimensions, spawn range and vein weight are available
  * Vein files now can contain name and description optional values
* Added descriptors to the machine controller (#1459) - ALongStringOfNumbers

> * Added mechanism to copy text to the player's clipboard (#1465) - Adrian Brock

Author: ```suggestion
* Added unlocalized name of supported items is copied to clipboard when using /gt util hand (#1465) - Adrian Brock
```

* Added support for multiblocks having own front side overlay (#1494) - dan

> * Added circuit method for adding circuits ot CT recipes (#1496) - ALongStringOfNumbers

Author: ```suggestion
* Added circuit method for adding circuits to CT recipes (#1496) - ALongStringOfNumbers
```
